feat: update agent quickstart guide (#782)
nearai/nearai: docs/agents/quickstart.md

NEAR AI agents can use various AI models, store data to remember past interactions, communicate with other agents,
use tools to interact with the environment, and much more.
NEAR AI Agents are programs that can act autonomously to solve a task, while adapting and reacting to their environment. 
These agents can use various AI models, store data to remember past interactions, communicate with other agents, use tools to 
interact with the environment, and much more.

In this Quickstart we will build our first agent on NEAR AI, and learn how to interact with it.
---

<iframe width="49%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/q2nhgj9q2PU" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<iframe width="49%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fqPRXxj3AoI" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
## Setup

---
### Pre-Requisites

## Pre-Requisites
- [NEAR Account](https://wallet.near.org/)
- [NEAR AI CLI](#installing-near-ai-cli)

---

> To get started, you will need to have a [Near account](https://wallet.near.org/), and install the [NEAR AI CLI](https://github.com/nearai/nearai/#setup):

Reviewer: I do think this explanation is nice. Though it could say 'have or create' an account.

Reviewer: Nevermind, I see you are fleshing it out below

![agent-create-summary](../assets/agents/agent-create-summary.png)

If everything looks good, press `y` to build your agent. Once complete, you should see a confirmation screen similar to this:

![agent-create-success](../assets/agents/agent-create-success.png)

Here you will find:

1. Where the agent was created:

    `/home_directory/.nearai/regisitry/<your-account.near>/<agent-name>/0.0.1`

2. Useful commands to get started interacting with it:

    ```bash
    # Run agent locally
    nearai agent interactive <path-to-agent> --local

    # Select from a list of agents you created to run locally
    nearai agent interactive --local
    
    # Upload agent to NEAR AI's public registry
    nearai registry upload <path-to-agent>
    ```

Success! You now have a new AI Agent ready to use! :tada: 

---

## Agent Files

During the agent creation process, `nearai` builds your agent in your local AI registry located at:

`/home_directory/.nearai/registry/<your-account.near>/<agent-name>/0.0.1` 

This folder contains two files that define your agent:

1. `metadata.json`: Contains information / configuration about your agent.

> 2. `agent.py`: Pythoncode that executes each time your agent receives a prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `agent.py`: Python code that executes each time your agent receives a prompt.
```

---

### `metadata.json`

> This file contains information about your agent including configuration for the model it will use, [Llama 3.1 70B Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.1-70B-Instruct) being the default. To use a different model, select one from [app.near.ai/models](https://app.near.ai/models) and update your JSON file defaults. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file contains information about your agent including optional configuration for the model it will use, [Llama 3.1 70B Instruct](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.1-70B-Instruct) being the default. To use a different model, select one from [app.near.ai/models](https://app.near.ai/models) and update your JSON file defaults. To use whichever model is the latest default model at app.near.ai, remove the model defaults from your metadata.json.
```
